doc: Usage and setting spending limits (#18230)
cloudquery/cloudquery: website/pages/docs/billing-and-usage/spending-limits.md

---
title: Billing and Usage | Spending Limits

> description: CloudQuery is an open source ELT framework that can be used as an alternative to Airbyte. CloudQuery is built for performance, and is easy to deploy and maintain.

Reviewer: We may want to update this description to better reflect the contents of this page

Author: updated

---

# Spending Limits

You can set your maximum spend per month in your billing page by clicking the pencil icon.

![Setting spending limit](/images/docs/billing-and-usage/spending-limit.png)

>  When running a sync, CloudQuery CLI will continously check your current spend and once you reach the limit, the sync will end with an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 When running a sync, CloudQuery CLI will periodically check your current spend and if you reach the limit, the sync will end with an error.
```
